what is going on guys it is echo and
welcome to an update video regarding the
minecraft Xbox 360 edition second
anniversary or second birthday now
earlier on today via Twitter I posted
this saying retweet if you think out
four do Studios should bring back the
limited time download for the birthday
skin fax from last year
hashtag minecraft Xbox Live Arcade now a
lot of people did retweet this as you
can see a total of 228 this has risen to
like nearly 300 retweets Rodger
carpenter retweeted a and 40 studios
retweeted it themselves then shortly
after I did this or a couple of hours
late at 40 Studios announced a lot of
things will be happening tomorrow and as
you can see he actually posted saying
the free hashtag minecraft Xbox Live
Arcade birthday skin pack will be read
released and available for download
tomorrow no not only did we get that we
are also getting a second brand-new one
as you can see here they posted saying
there's also a new free hashtag
minecraft Xbox Live Arcade second
birthday skin pack available from
tomorrow but that's not it guys there is
so much more to go on as you can see
here body studios have announced 50% of
setting skin packs and texture packs as
it says and to celebrate the hashtag
minecraft Xbox Live Arcade 2nd birthday
from May 9th to 11th 50% of skin packs
and texture packs except the Marvel
products so that is absolutely amazing
that I think this is truly one the best
things for the studios have done as a
company now any description is a link to
play Xbox Live Arcade website it goes
over all the information you can see
some great screenshots of what will be
introduced but I'm just gonna quickly
read to you what they did say it says
come and celebrate minecraft Xbox 360
editions birthday with free content and
special deals on other available bundles
most of the light of millions of players
the Xbox 360 edition of minecraft was
real
least on May 9th 2012 and has been one
of the most popular games on the console
ever since to celebrate this monumental
day we are pleased to announce the
following details to get everyone in the
party mood may 9th to May 18th
the rerelease of the original birthday
skin pack which is free the release of a
brand new second birthday skin pack
including characters from Halo fable
banjo and Viva Pinata dice free may 9th
to May 11th is minus 50% of skin packs
and texture packs not including any
Marvel products because they must have a
deal with Marvel but go and check it out
guys the link is down below hopefully
you will all stay tuned I will show you
all skins and everything that is
available tomorrow but guys hopefully
did enjoy this hit that like button and
have a great day